sweetie do you remember how you saved my
life you all right you saved my life you
saved them are not only did you save my
life but then you made sure I found my
true love my own Robotnik jr. and even
though dr. Robotnik made me to carry on
his evil ways you made sure I learned
the difference between right and wrong
Julia where are you get in here young
man and stop doing what I tell you to
before i still owe you big whoop I'm
disowning you from now on I'm on Sonic
side way to go Junior wait and now saima
crazy here's a word from your friend in
mine sergeant those women uh-huh what's
an OP Sonic I wouldn't be here tonight
if you hadn't saved me from the boss
scorpion
if you're white
Sonic the Hedgehog ah salute you white
cow geez quiet please it's time for a
word from the younger generation here's
robot the robot
what we need here is a little song walk
tell me the truth Rousey's hair have you
ever heard a more moving tribute it's
gonna be a long evening folks I know
every one of Sonic's friends is going to
want to say something about our great
hero I've got something to say I hate
that Hedgehog Sonic the game is up if
you don't surrender instantly I'll SiC
the ship when all of your friends will
go down with it it's your show egg-belly
I give up not even you can escape from
this jail cell Hedgehog you'll be
trapped up above the ocean under a
thousand feet of water if anyone comes
within a hundred yards of you your buck
surgeon will automatically cut on never
again will you interfere with my plans
of conquest Mobius is mine drop him to
the bottom
send that Hedgehog to the bottom hasta
hasta yo guide your blubber pneus
bursters faster looks bad but at least I
say to all my friends one more thing
hedgehog about your friends just in case
one of them might be tempted to rescue
you and keeping them in those cages and
searching the yard no I know I lied I
know it's despicable of cruel but
despicable ness and cruelty are my
favorite hobbies well if you don't need
me anymore pal Z i'll be leaving it
thanks you I got a shopping channel to
run your Excuse mysteries deep
it's gonna be real fun watching this old
tub shaking a bottom I'll have time for
some trivial pleasures wait up no we've
got to get to my testimonial dinner your
testimonial dinner of course it's not
that I'm jealous you understand but I
deserve one a lot more than sonic ever
did way your repulsiveness who's giving
this dinner i am and i just know all my
friends will be delighted to come fellow
mobians this is indeed a great occasion
I am invited you here tonight because
you are dr. Robotnik's closest and
dearest friends I love you we are here
tonight to honor dr. Ivo Robotnik now it
gives me great honor to introduce our
first and only distinguished speaker mr.
grubber Robert mmm oh thank you mr.
scratch thank you hello Doctor okay Oh
dr. Robotnik do you remember how movie
is used to be a peaceful and happy
planet
and then you came along to make
everything really rotten remember when
we set the music destroyer robot stuff
out of the planets music the long
Robotnik
and about the time when you split by at
the countryside ray yay hooray for me I
just wish all of Sonic's miserable
friends on the yacht could be here that
they're too busy is suffering
remember when you terrorized Mobius with
Big Daddy ape smash that bridge break
vector